okay so lately I've been giving all the
questions about how you get your music
from y mar 5 onto windows media player
so just decide it also you guys are do
that now first of all Bob but open my
mind
let's give the second a low here yeah
you want to go to my library and
right-click any song and go Loki's on
this
cheering should get this possum and it's
kind of different from last time you
don't really want to drag it to your
desktop but over here looks at all that
this cave right click it add actually
want to click play with Windows Media
Player
just give the second he answer that my
commuters finest acting slow today just
I'm out of there cut open get your pop
up and start playing we just wanna pause
the song go to library
re album full three years on the video
before but
you're a new playlist maybe anything you
want
and go
on
yeah the song goes you now playing
simply driggett read over here
all still couple
once you download a playlist give the
second but that should be done